Fix incompatibility to Symfony 6.4 renderBlock method (#7148)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade

## 2.5.11

### Rename WebsiteController::renderBlock to WebsiteController::renderBlockView

> Symfony 6.4 did add an own `renderBlock` method to its `AbstractController`.
> This would actually throw an error when projects upgrading to Symfony 6.4
> as the `renderBlock` method of Sulu is incompatible to Symfony `renderBlock`
> method. For these cases we rename `renderBlock` to `renderBlockView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Symfony 6.4, an independent `renderBlock` method was introduced to its `AbstractController`. 
This change poses issues for projects upgrading to Symfony 6.4, as the `renderBlock` method in Sulu is incompatible with Symfony's `renderBlock` method.
To address this issue, we have to rename the Sulu `renderBlock` method to `renderBlockView`.
```
